[DOC] Add a section about the different container tags provided (#1650)
perses/perses: docs/user-guides/installing-perses-in-a-container.md

# Installing Perses in a container

> This section continues with installing using a container image with Podman open-source container tooling, configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section continues with installing using a container image with Podman open-source container tooling, configuring
```

> examples, and run the container on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
examples, and running the container on your local machine.
```

## Installing container tooling

Installing Perses using a container image is going to be demonstrated here using[Podman](https://podman.io/) and [Docker](https://www.docker.com/). 

> It's assumed you have already installed and running either the Podman or the Docker commandline tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's assumed you have already installed & are already familiar with either the Podman or the Docker commandline tooling.
```

## Running container image

> It's pretty straight forward to running Perses in a container, start the Perses container image using one of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's pretty straightforward to run Perses in a container: simply start the Perses container image using one of
```

# Installing Perses in a container

> This section is explaining how you can install Perses using a container image like [Podman](https://podman.io/) or [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

Reviewer 2: I'd say "using a container manager like"

   The second one contains a shell and should be used to debug any issue you might encounter with your container.
3. The tag `latest` is an alias for the `distroless` distribution and is erased with the latest release.
4. The tag `latest-debug` is an alias for the `distroless-debug` distribution and is erased with the latest release.
5. We are also providing an image for each commit created on the `main` branch.
   The tag created for each commit is following this pattern: `main-<YYYY-MM-DD>-<short commit ID>-<distribution>`

Examples:

- images built from the main branch:  `persesdev/perses:main-2023-12-14-f66e10ce-distroless-debug`
  or `persesdev/perses:main-2023-12-14-f66e10ce-distroless`
- latest Perses image: `persesdev/perses` or `persesdev/perses:latest-debug`
- precise release image: `persesdev/perses:v0.42.1`, `persesdev/perses:v0.42.1-debug`, `persesdev/perses:v0.42.1-distroless`, `persesdev/perses:v0.42.1-distroless-debug`
- minor release image: `persesdev/perses:v0.42`, `persesdev/perses:v0.42-debug`, `persesdev/perses:v0.42-distroless`, `persesdev/perses:v0.42-distroless-debug`

## Connect a browser (default)

> Open the Perses console at http://localhost:8080.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Open the Perses page at http://localhost:8080.
```
no?

Reviewer: E.g Openshift also comes with the term console for its UI, but yes I also think that another term like page/website/UI would sound better here.

> You are presented with an empty home dashboard, in light mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You are presented with the home page, in light mode.
```
no ?

> For fun, you can choose optionally to flip the switch in the top right corner to enable dark mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For fun, you can optionally flip the switch in the top right corner to enable dark mode.
```
